Bent Watermelon Eagle

medium

# Adding or changing a pool without `massUpdatePools` will result in either too many or too little rewards than intended

## Summary

Functions `set` and `add` allow the owner to change existing pool's configuration, or add a new one. They both have `bool _withUpdate` parameter, which if `true` calls `massUpdatePools` before changing the config. The issue is that every time `set` or `add` are called with  `_withUpdate = false`, all pools will have incorrect rewards between their last update and current timestamp, as the change to `allocPoints` and `totalAllocPoints` would apply retrospectively.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Proof of Concept

There's 2 empty pools: A and B, `allocPointA = allocPointB = 50`; `_pointsPerBlock = 30e18`;

1. Alice stakes worth of 100 USD in pool A
2. Bob stakes worth of 100 USD in pool B
3. 1000 blocks later owner adds pool C with `allocPoint = 50`,  `_withUpdate = false`
4. Alice frontruns owner's txn with `updatePool(A)`: `pointRewardA = _pointsPerBlock * blocksPassed * allocPointA / totalAlloc = 30e18 * 1000 * 50 / 100 = 15_000e18`
5. Owner's txn is mined

Now, updatePool(B) will result in: `pointRewardB = _pointsPerBlock * blocksPassed * allocPointB / totalAlloc = 30e18 * 1000 * 50 / 150 = 10_000e18`. So all stakers of pool B will receive 1/3 less rewards than all stakers of A, despite their pools having the same weight.

On the other hand, If owner used `_withUpdate = true`, both Alice and Bob would have received 1/2 of rewards for the first 1000 blocks, as they should.

Similarly, if a pool is `set` to a higher `allocPoint` without `massUpdatePools`, all stakers of that pool will receive more rewards than they should, and the contract in aggregate may temporarily emit more rewards than `_pointsPerBlock` (if other pools were updated later than the changed one).

## Impact

Too little / too many rewards for stakers whose pools were not updated right before functions `set` or `add` were called.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/05059e53755f24ae9e3a3bb2996de15df0289a6c/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L427-L428
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make `massUpdatePools` mandatory for `SophonFarming#add` and `SophonFarming#set`, instead of optional.
