Sour Rose Dachshund

high

# Users will not get rewards(rewards will not be updated) when they boost the full deposited amount in a pool.

## Summary

user.rewardSettled is only updated when users deposit and withdraw.
If a user deposits some amounts and boosts the full deposited amount in a pool , then if the user doesn't deposit again and tries to withdraw after farmingended so he can’t withdraw because his deposited amount is 0. As he can’t withdraw so user.rewardSettled will not be updated.so the user will not get airdrop rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, Alice deposits 100e18 amount  and boosts the full 100e18 deposited amounts during deposit in a pool.

2. Alice doesn't deposit any amount again in the pool and farming period is ended.as Alice   doesn't  deposit any amount again, so user.rewardSettled is not updated for alice.

3. Now if alice calls the withdraw function with 0 _withdrawAmount / 100 _withdrawAmount, in both cases the withdraw function will revert. Let’s see how?  If  _withdrawAmount is 0, then revert WithdrawIsZero();  and  here currently  uint256 userDepositAmount = user.depositAmount = 0,   as  _withdrawAmount is 100, so the withdraw function will revert as (_withdrawAmount > userDepositAmount) {
            revert WithdrawTooHigh(userDepositAmount);

4. So alice’s user.rewardSettled is not updated,so alice will not get airdrop rewards amount.


## Impact
Users will not get rewards(rewards will not be updated) when they boost the full deposited amount in a pool.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L581
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure users don’t boost full deposited amounts.
