High Crepe Perch

medium

# No slippage protection when depositing and withdrawing to the predefinedPool

## Summary
Protocol allows to deposit different assets into the predefined pools. While depositing the assets are converted to one of the following assets: sDAI, wstETH, weETH. It is assumed that these are always in peg with their corresponding assets which is not always the case. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Lets say that you deposit 10 DAI to the ```PredefinedPool.sDAI```  with 0 boost amount. 
Deposit amount is stored as  sDAI in the ```user.depositAmount``` . The amount depends on the conversion rate at that time.
When you call the withdraw function after the point farming has ended you are given back the sDAI, not DAI. Users need to convert to DAI themselves. 

This example is true for all other predefined pools. There will be a loss of user funds if the market is volatile either during the deposit or after withdraw.

## Impact
Users losing funds as a result of the conversion rate difference between the assets of the predefined pools.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L548-L566

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L699-L741


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since the conversation is mostly done by protocol during the deposit, ```minAmount``` should be defined by user so that there is no funds loss. After the withdraw it is up to the user to find the favorable market conditions.