Digital Ultraviolet Porpoise

medium

# Inappropriate Handling of Maximum Withdraw Amount in `SophonFarming.sol:withdraw` Function.

## Summary
The function `withdraw(uint256 _pid, uint256 _withdrawAmount)` allows users to withdraw a specified amount from a pool identified by _pid. If _withdrawAmount is `type(uint256).max`, it attempts to withdraw the maximum balance available for the user in the specified pool. However, the function does not revert if the user has never deposited in the specified pool, resulting in the transaction executing with a withdrawal amount of 0.

## Vulnerability Detail
The intended behavior is to allow users to withdraw their deposited amounts from a pool identified by _pid. The function supports a special case where passing type(uint256).max as _withdrawAmount should withdraw the user's full balance from the pool.

Steps to Reproduce:

1. User deposits some amount in pool _pid = 1.
2. User forgets which pool they have deposited into.
3. User attempts to withdraw from pool _pid = 2 with _withdrawAmount = type(uint256).max.
4. The transaction executes without reverting, withdrawing 0 amount because the user has no deposit in pool 2.
5. But the user might think that their transaction has been executed because they see the transaction succeed, but they haven't actually received any money in their wallet.
6. This may create a panic situation for them.


## Impact
1. Users might get confused or misled by the successful transaction despite no actual withdrawal occurring.
2. Users incur unnecessary gas costs for transactions that do not alter the contract state.
Security Implications: While this issue does not directly compromise security, it indicates insufficient validation, which might hint at other overlooked edge cases.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L699-L742



## Proof of code
Paste this code in `SophonFarming.t.sol` and run `forge test --mt test_userTestForWithdraw`
```solidity
function test_userTestForWithdraw() public {
        /////////////////User Depositing to pid 0////////
        address depositorUser = makeAddr("drack");
        uint256 _pid = 0;
        uint256 depositAmount = 4e18;
        uint256 boostAmount = 1e18;
        //sDAI is the token for pool at index 0
        address token = address(sDAI);
        deal(token,depositorUser , 10e18);
        vm.startPrank(depositorUser);
        MockERC20(token).approve(address(sophonFarming),depositAmount);
        sophonFarming.deposit(_pid,depositAmount,boostAmount);
        vm.stopPrank();
        /////// Users Forgot and tries to withdraw his all balance from pid 2///////
        /////User has Never Deposited amount to pid 2///////
        /////Still the transaction executes//////
        _pid = 2;
        vm.startPrank(depositorUser);
        sophonFarming.withdraw(_pid,type(uint256).max);
        vm.stopPrank();
 }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check after this ` uint256 userAmount = user.amount;`
`if(userAmount ==0) revert`.

