Colossal Coal Poodle

high

# [High] Data Loss Issue Due to Inheritance of Storage Contract in Upgradeable Contract Architecture

## Summary
During the analysis of the **`SophonFarming.sol`** smart contract, a critical issue was identified concerning `data loss` during contract upgrades. This issue stems from the contract's inheritance structure, where **`SophonFarming.sol`** inherits from both **`Upgradeble2Step`** and **`SophonFarmingState.sol`**. Upon upgrading the `implementation` contract within **`Upgradeble2Step.sol`** via **`SophonProxy.sol`**, the existing data stored in **`SophonFarmingState.sol`** is lost, affecting user information (`UserInfo`), deposited assets history, and pool information among others.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L21 

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the contract's upgrade mechanism, which does not adequately safeguard against data loss during the transition from an old implementation to a new one. Specifically, the upgrade process does not migrate or preserve the state data held in **`SophonFarmingState.sol`**, leading to the loss of crucial information such as user balances, rewards, and transaction histories.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant, potentially leading to financial losses for users who have deposited assets into the farming pools. Users may lose track of their investments, rewards, and other transactional data, undermining trust in the platform and negatively affecting user experience.

## Code Snippet
The provided POC test `function test_UpgradeDataLoss` illustrates the issue
**Steps to POC**:
 - Deposit ETH into SophonFarming from account1.
 - Check the UserInfo to verify the deposit.
 - Deploy a new implementation of SophonFarming.
 - Replace the implementation contract through SophonProxy.
 - Verify that the UserInfo for account1 shows zeroed data, indicating data loss.

<details>
<summary>POC Code</summary>

function test_UpgradeDataLoss() public {
<details>
<summary>Setup and deposit operations</summary>

        uint256 amountToDeposit = 1e7;

        vm.deal(account1, amountToDeposit);

        vm.startPrank(account1);

        uint256 wsthDepositedAmount = WstETHRate(StETHRate(amountToDeposit));
        uint256 poolId = sophonFarming.typeToId(SophonFarmingState.PredefinedPool.wstETH);

        sophonFarming.depositEth{value: amountToDeposit}(0, SophonFarmingState.PredefinedPool.wstETH);
        assertEq(address(account1).balance, 0);
</details>

<details>
<summary>Pre-upgrade UserInfo check</summary>

     // Getting UserInfo in old Implementation

        SophonFarmingState.UserInfo memory userInfo;

        (userInfo.amount, userInfo.boostAmount, userInfo.depositAmount, userInfo.rewardSettled, userInfo.rewardDebt) =
            sophonFarming.userInfo(poolId, account1);

        assertEq(userInfo.amount, wsthDepositedAmount); // Testing the deposited ETH in current implementation
        assertEq(userInfo.boostAmount, 0);
        assertEq(userInfo.depositAmount, wsthDepositedAmount);
        assertEq(userInfo.rewardSettled, 0);
        assertEq(userInfo.rewardDebt, 0);
        vm.stopPrank();

        vm.startPrank(deployer);
</details>

<details>
<summary>Deploying the new Implementation</summary>

        address newImplementation = address( new SophonFarming( [ address(dai),address(sDAI), 
        address(weth),address(stETH),address(wstETH), address(eETH), address(eETHLiquidityPool), address(weETH)]) );

        sophonFarmingProxy.replaceImplementation(newImplementation);

        SophonFarming(payable(newImplementation)).becomeImplementation(sophonFarmingProxy);
        assertEq(sophonFarmingProxy.implementation(), newImplementation);

        SophonFarming newSophonFarming = SophonFarming(payable(address(newImplementation)));
</details>
    
    // Post-upgrade check
    // Getting UserInfo in new Implementation
        (userInfo.amount, userInfo.boostAmount, userInfo.depositAmount, userInfo.rewardSettled, userInfo.rewardDebt) =
            newSophonFarming.userInfo(poolId, account1);

        assertEq(userInfo.amount, 0); // Deposited amount is zero as the previous deposit data is lost 
        assertEq(userInfo.boostAmount, 0);
        assertEq(userInfo.depositAmount, 0); // Deposited amount is zero as the previous deposit data is lost
        assertEq(userInfo.rewardSettled, 0);
        assertEq(userInfo.rewardDebt, 0);
}

</details>

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent this data loss issue, implement the following changes:

1)**Separation of Storage and Logic**: Review the contract architecture to ensure that storage and logic are clearly separated. This separation can help prevent unintended data loss during upgrades by isolating the storage layer from the logic layer.
eg. UUPS Upgrade Strategy or Eternal Storage
2)**Data Migration Strategy**: Implement a data migration strategy that safely transfers data from the old storage contract to the new one during the upgrade process. This could involve creating a temporary contract that holds the data until the new implementation is ready to accept it.
