Witty Bubblegum Leopard

high

# New pools should be always updated when added into the protocol

## Summary
Not enforcing pool updates when adding new pools or setting new allocation points will lead to points miscalculations.

## Vulnerability Detail

When adding a new pool, `massUpdatePools` is optionally triggered depending on the `_withUpdate` parameter:

```solidity
// File: SophonFarming.sol
function add(uint256 _allocPoint, address _lpToken, string memory _description, bool _withUpdate) public onlyOwner returns (uint256) {
        ...
        if (_withUpdate) {
            massUpdatePools();
        }
        
        ...
}
```

This also occurs when setting a new allocation via `set`:

```solidity
// File: SophonFarming.sol
function set(uint256 _pid, uint256 _allocPoint, bool _withUpdate) public onlyOwner {
        ...
        if (_withUpdate) {
            massUpdatePools();
        }
        
        ...
}
```

If a pool is added or new allocations are set without triggering `massUpdatePools`, all the points computations following these additions/settings will be wrong, given that they will consider the newly added allocation points for the new pool as if they had been in the protocol since the last `massUpdatePools`.

If we see the `updatePool` implementation, we can see that each pool’s `pointReward` computation depends on the `totalAllocPoint` , which is the total added points allocated among all the pools: 

```solidity
// File: SophonFarming.sol
function updatePool(uint256 _pid) public {
        ...
        if (lpSupply == 0 || _pointsPerBlock == 0 || _allocPoint == 0) {
            pool.lastRewardBlock = getBlockNumber();
            return;
        }
        uint256 blockMultiplier = _getBlockMultiplier(pool.lastRewardBlock, getBlockNumber());
        uint256 pointReward =
            blockMultiplier *
            _pointsPerBlock *
            _allocPoint /
            totalAllocPoint; 

        pool.accPointsPerShare = pointReward /
            lpSupply +
            pool.accPointsPerShare;

        pool.lastRewardBlock = getBlockNumber();
    }
```

If the pools are not forced to be updated on `add` and `set`, `totalAllocPoint` will be wrongly updated to the new values, meaning that the computations for pools performed in the time between the last pool’s reward update and the current configuration will be performed with the new value of `totalAllocPoint`, instead of the value that was configured between the last reward update and the new configuration.

This will lead to `pointReward` for each pools to be wrongly computed, making it be higher/lower depending on the new amount of allocation points set for the pool when triggering `set`, or always being higher for pools newly added via `add`.

Also, it is important to note that **triggering `add` or `set` with the** `_withUpdate` flag set to `false` must **not be considered as an admin improper configuration.** Having the flag clearly highlights the developer intention of updating/not updating the pool on different circumstances, and clearly demonstrates the developer intention to not update the pools under certain circumstances.

Moreover, here are some real-life transactions in SushiSwap’s masterchef contract, were the flag was passed as false and pools were not updated, leading to a loss un Sushi rewards:

https://etherscan.io/tx/0x53556877c6aa31141daebd6cfcfc52d56e305e686fd8d521f175318a2a4cb32f

## Impact

High. New pools or new point allocation configurations that don’t mass-update the pools will lead to point rewards be wrongly computed.

## Proof of concept

Let’s say there is only one pool in the protocol, and we want to compute the point rewards from timestamp 10 to timestamp 20. The `totalAllocPoint` is currently set to 500, and the `pointsPerBlock` is set to 4.

At tiemstmamp 20, and following the `updatePool` computations, a regular update would yield a `pointReward` of 40(`blockMultiplier * pointsPerBlock * allocPoint/totalAllocPoint` = 10 * 4 * 500/500 = 40).

However, if at timestamp 20 a new pool is added with an `allocPoint` of 400, and the developer decides to add it without setting `_withUpdate` to `true`, the global `totalAllocPoint` **** will be increased to 900.

Performing the previous computations at timestamp 20, a regular update would then yield a `pointReward` of 22.22… (`blockMultiplier * pointsPerBlock * allocPoint/totalAllocPoint` = 10 * 4 * 500/900 = 22.22…).

As we can see, the rewards between timestamp 10 and 20 should have been of 40. However, the inclusion of the new pool has modified `totalAllocPoint` and impacted the computation performed in the initial pool, decreasing the `pointReward` and considering that the newly-added pool was already part of the protocol between timestamp 10 and 20.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L161

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Always trigger `massUpdatePool` when adding a new pool or setting a new pool allocation. This will prevent the previous issue from taking place.
