Happy Aegean Crab

medium

# Differences between tokens valuations when allocating points are not accounted for

## Summary
The protocol design doesn't account for differences between tokens valuations when allocating points.

## Vulnerability Detail
When deployed the protocol will allow users to stake `sDAI`, `wstETH` and `weETH` tokens in order to collect points. The protocol distributes a set amount of points per block, each pool is guaranteed a percentage of the points based on its `allocPoint` divided by the sum of all the `allocPoint` points of each pool, `totalAllocPoint`. This can be verified in the [updatePool()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L411) function.

The points assigned to each pool per block are independent of the valuation of the token managed by the pool. This results in users earning more/less points depending on which pool they staked on, unless all the pools are balanced in terms of the value they hold.

Pools can become suddenly unbalanced because a new pool gets added or the points allocation of an already existing pool gets changed.

### POC
Let's assume the protocol currently has 2 active pools: 
- `sDAI`: 
    -  amount staked: `100000 sDAI`, value staked: `~110000$` (at `1.10$ sDAI`)
    -  `allocPoint`: `20000`
- `wstETH`
    -  amount staked: `12.5 wstETH`, value staked: `~55000$` (at `$4000 wstETH`)
    - `allocPoint`: `20000`

The global status is: 
- `totalAllocPoint` is `40000`
- `pointsPerBlock` is `250e18`

This means each pool will receive 50% of the points allocated to each block, `125e18` points each. If Alice deposits
- `10000$` worth of `sDAI`, which is `~9090 sDAI`, she will receive `(9090/100000)*125e18` points each block. This is `~0.001136/1e18` points per dollar.
- `10000$` worth of `wstETH`, which is `~2.27 wstETH`, she will receive `(2.27/12.5)*125e18` points each block. This is `~0.00227/1e18` points per dollar.

It's never convenient for Alice to deposit `sDAI` instead of `wstETH`.

### Runnable POC
There are 3 pools but the example holds, to copy-paste in `SophonFarming.t.sol`:
```solidity
function test_pointsEarned() public {
    address alice = makeAddr("alice");
    address liquidityProvider = makeAddr("liquidityProvider");

    vm.startPrank(deployer);
    sophonFarming.setStartBlock(100);
    sophonFarming.setEndBlock(200, 200 + 20);
    sophonFarming.setPointsPerBlock(25e18);
    sophonFarming.setBoosterMultiplier(2e18);
    vm.stopPrank();

    deal(address(sDAI), liquidityProvider, 100_000 * 1e18);
    deal(address(wstETH), liquidityProvider, 12.5 * 1e18);

    //-> There's 100000 sDAI and 12.5 wstETH already deposited in the pool
    vm.startPrank(liquidityProvider);
    sDAI.approve(address(sophonFarming), type(uint256).max);
    wstETH.approve(address(sophonFarming), type(uint256).max);
    sophonFarming.deposit(0, 100_000 * 1e18, 0);
    sophonFarming.deposit(1, 12.5 * 1e18, 0);
    vm.stopPrank();

    //-> Rewards start accumulating
    vm.roll(100);

    //-> Alice deposits 9090 sDai and 2.27 wstETH
    vm.startPrank(alice);
    sDAI.approve(address(sophonFarming), type(uint256).max);
    wstETH.approve(address(sophonFarming), type(uint256).max);
    deal(address(sDAI), alice, 9090*1e18);
    deal(address(wstETH), alice, 2.27*1e18);
    sophonFarming.deposit(0, 9090*1e18, 0);
    sophonFarming.deposit(1,  2.27*1e18, 0);

    //-> 1 block passes
    vm.roll(110);

    //-> At parity of value staked, Alice received ~double the points staking wstETH
    assertEq(sophonFarming.pendingPoints(0, alice), 6943807865065542212);
    assertEq(sophonFarming.pendingPoints(1, alice), 12807492665312570525);
}
```
## Impact
This design will turn the airdrop distribution in favor of technical users who can run bots to monitor the pool status and withdraw/deposit based on what accumulates more points at the moment. This implies users might need to stake tokens they might not want to hold in order to maximize the amount of points received.

It will also discourage boosting, because boosting locks tokens, which prevents stakers from withdrawing tokens from one pool to deposit in another to get more points for the same value staked. This highly depends on the production value of `boosterMultiplier`, which we don't know.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ideally, a protocol of this kind would use a stake-and-forget system where points are distributed based on the value of the assets staked rather than the absolute amount.
