Harsh Cotton Dachshund

high

# Inadequate Validation in `depositEth` Function

## Summary

The `depositEth` function in the Farming contract does not validate the `PredefinedPool` parameter correctly, allowing malicious users to bypass expected behavior. This flaw enables an attacker to execute unintended asset conversions, potentially leading to significant financial risks.


## Vulnerability Detail

In the `depositEth` function, users can specify a `PredefinedPool` type to define which pool their ETH should be deposited into. The function performs conditional checks to convert ETH into either `stETH` or `eETH` based on the specified pool type. However, there is no validation to ensure that the provided PredefinedPool value is valid for ETH deposits. Consequently, a malicious user can call this function with the sDAI pool, bypassing the intended checks and forcing the contract to attempt to handle ETH as if it were DAI.

This vulnerability arises because the function does not check if the PredefinedPool type is valid for ETH deposits, leading to incorrect behavior when an invalid pool type is specified.


## Impact

**Unexpected Behavior**: Users can exploit this vulnerability to bypass intended asset handling mechanisms, resulting in incorrect asset conversions.
**Financial Risk**: The contract may attempt to convert ETH using functions designed for other tokens, potentially causing loss of funds or contract malfunction.
**Security Risk**: The absence of proper validation allows for unexpected and potentially harmful interactions within the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L503-L516

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement validation checks to ensure that the `PredefinedPool` parameter is valid for ETH deposits. Reject any invalid pool types to prevent unintended behavior.

```solidity
function depositEth(uint256 _boostAmount, PredefinedPool _predefinedPool) public payable {
    if (msg.value == 0) {
        revert NoEthSent();
    }

    if (_predefinedPool != PredefinedPool.wstETH && _predefinedPool != PredefinedPool.weETH) {
        revert InvalidDeposit(); // Only allow valid ETH pools
    }

    uint256 _finalAmount = msg.value;
    if (_predefinedPool == PredefinedPool.wstETH) {
        _finalAmount = _ethTOstEth(_finalAmount);
    } else if (_predefinedPool == PredefinedPool.weETH) {
        _finalAmount = _ethTOeEth(_finalAmount);
    }

    _depositPredefinedAsset(_finalAmount, msg.value, _boostAmount, _predefinedPool);
}
```
