Shiny Marigold Cow

high

# `user.rewardSettled` become always zero due to the way `user.rewardDebt` is being calculated and deducted from  `user.rewardSettled`.

## Summary
The `SophonFarming.sol` contract has an issue in both the `_deposit()` and `withdraw()` functions where the `user.rewardSettled` calculation can become inaccurate due to the way `user.rewardDebt` is being calculated. The current implementation deducts the total `user.rewardDebt` based on the entire `user.amount`, potentially leading to incorrect reward calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `_deposit()` and `withdraw()` function, the current `user.rewardSettled` is calculate by `user.amount` and reducing the `user.rewardDebt` calculated previously. So the `user.rewardSettled` and `user.rewardDebt` are always same. This can lead to inaccuracies in reward calculations the `user.rewardSettled` become always zero.

## Impact
The impact of this issue is that users may not receive the correct amount of rewards when they deposit funds to the contract. 

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function _deposit(uint256 _pid, uint256 _depositAmount, uint256 _boostAmount) internal {
        if (isFarmingEnded()) {
            revert FarmingIsEnded();
        }
        if (_depositAmount == 0) {
            revert InvalidDeposit();
        }
        if (_boostAmount > _depositAmount) {
            revert BoostTooHigh(_depositAmount);
        }


        PoolInfo storage pool = poolInfo[_pid];
        UserInfo storage user = userInfo[_pid][msg.sender];
        updatePool(_pid);


        uint256 userAmount = user.amount;
@-->    user.rewardSettled =
            userAmount *
            pool.accPointsPerShare /
            1e18 +
            user.rewardSettled -
            user.rewardDebt;
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/05059e53755f24ae9e3a3bb2996de15df0289a6c/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L574C1-L595C29
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/05059e53755f24ae9e3a3bb2996de15df0289a6c/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L699C1-L725C29

`userAmount * pool.accPointsPerShare / 1e18` is used to calculate the users points and  `user.rewardDebt` also uses the same calculation, so that `user.rewardSettled` always become zer0.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Both the `_deposit()` and `withdraw()` functions should be updated to calculate the `user.rewardDebt` based on the actual amount being deposited or withdrawn rather than the whole `user.amount`. This will ensure that users receive the correct amount of rewards when they interact with the contract.
