Sticky Mahogany Cottonmouth

medium

# Lack of previous boostAmount checks resulting in excess boosting for user.

## Summary

`increaseBoost` function only checks for newly added  boost  to exceed the deposit amount, potentially leaving behind already added boostAmount resulting in excess boosting than intended.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `increaseBoost` function

```solidity

 function increaseBoost(uint256 _pid, uint256 _boostAmount) external {
        if (isFarmingEnded()) {
            revert FarmingIsEnded();
        }

        if (_boostAmount == 0) {
            revert BoostIsZero();
        }

        uint256 maxAdditionalBoost = getMaxAdditionalBoost(msg.sender, _pid);
        if (_boostAmount > maxAdditionalBoost) {
            revert BoostTooHigh(maxAdditionalBoost);
        }


```

theres a check for whether the addition of new boostAmount would be higher than `getMaxAdditionalBoost`

```solidity
 function getMaxAdditionalBoost(address _user, uint256 _pid) public view returns (uint256) {
        return userInfo[_pid][_user].depositAmount;
    }

```
which gets the deposited amount of the corresponding user & pool id.The vulnerabilitity lies in the fact that this only considers the new boostAmount which is to be added while ignoring the already enstated boostAmount for the particular pool id & user.An attacker can use this to further increase boostAmount resulting in increase of `userAmount`(LP) to gain more profit than other legit users.

consider the simple example:

- Alice deposits to a pool an amount of 100000 with a boostAmount of 10000(depositAmount becomes 90000,)
- Alice boostAmount will be 20000(10000 *2e18/1e18).
```solidity
       _boostAmount = _boostAmount * boosterMultiplier / 1e18;
        userAmount = userAmount + _depositAmount + _boostAmount;

```
- Deposit function  calculates userAmount based on deposit and boostAmount(with multiplier(2e18)).
- Alice userAmount becomes 110000.
- Alice then calls `increaseBoost` to increase boost amount to deposit 70000.
- Due to previous boostAmount not taken into consideration while calling `increaseBoost` the total boostAmount becomes 90000
 (This can make userAmount(LP) of Alice to be value higher than it should be)

```solidity
        uint256 finalBoostAmount = _boostAmount * boosterMultiplier / 1e18;

        user.boostAmount = user.boostAmount + finalBoostAmount;
        pool.boostAmount = pool.boostAmount + finalBoostAmount;

        // user amount is increased by the full boosted amount - deposit amount used to boost
        userAmount = userAmount + finalBoostAmount - _boostAmount;

```
(snippet from `increaseBoost`)

- According to above code, final boostAmount of Alice becomes 180000 (90000(boostAmount) * 2e18/1e18(assuming multiplier is 2e18)).
- Alice userAmount will be 200000 (110000 + 180000 - 90000).


-By taking advantage of this vulnerability Alice can also gain more share of the pool.

## Impact

Attacker can easily gain more profit than legit users and cause system to be in an unexpected state

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L631C4-L681C6

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L574C4-L624C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

consider introducing a variable that accomodates both already accumulated and to be added boostAmounts to check against `getMaxAdditionalBoost`.