Abundant Tawny Swallow

medium

# User could accidentally loose the tokens

## Summary
User could accidentally deposit DAI into the contract via the depositEth function, and loose the assets due to the check missing.

## Vulnerability Detail
User has 1 ETH and 1 DAI on the balance. User accidentally calls depositEth function and choose _predefinedPool as  PredefinedPool.sDAI.

1. `depositEth` is called which transfer the ETH from the msg.sender account. This function doesn’t check if `_predefinedPool == PredefinedPool.sDAI`, so it proceeds further into the `_depositPredefinedAsset` function.
2. In the `_depositPredefinedAsset` function, there is a check if `_predefinedPool == PredefinedPool.sDAI` it transforms the DAI balance of the msg.sender into the sDAI via 
    
    ```solidity
     IsDAI(sDAI).deposit(_amount, address(this));
    ```
    
3. This function transferFrom msg.sender the DAI and mint sDAI.
4. After, the _deposit is called which deal with the Deposit an asset to SophonFarming logic.

## Impact
Token lost. The user could double pay if accidentally call depositEth function with _predefinedPool as  PredefinedPool.sDAI. The user could loose the ETH which will not be added into the contract. Also, the DAI could be deducted unintentionally 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L503-L516

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make the necessary check. Don’t allow to to deposit the DAI via the depositEth function.