Cheerful Gauze Mantis

high

# Unchecked ETH Transfer in receive Function Allows Loss of Funds

## Summary
The **`receive`** function in the **`SophonFarming`** contract allows direct deposits of ETH for the **`wstETH`** pool. However, this function does not have proper checks and error handling for ETH transfers. Specifically, it does not verify if the ETH transfer was successful, which can lead to unexpected failures or reverts. If an ETH transfer fails, the contract will not correctly handle the failure, potentially resulting in loss of funds or incorrect state updates.
## Vulnerability Detail
The **`receive`** function allows deposits of ETH by calling **`depositEth.`**If the sender is **`weth`**, the function returns without doing anything. Otherwise, it calls the **`depositEth`** function with the **`PredefinedPool.wstETH`** pool. The vulnerability arises because there is no check to ensure the ETH transfer is successful. If the transfer fails for any reason (e.g., the contract is unable to accept ETH, or there is a reentrancy attack), the function will not handle it properly, potentially leading to loss of funds or other unexpected behavior.
## Impact
Unchecked ETH transfers can result in loss of user funds or incorrect state updates. If the contract fails to receive ETH but proceeds with the subsequent operations, it can lead to inconsistent contract states, miscalculated rewards, or even potential exploits by malicious actors.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/05059e53755f24ae9e3a3bb2996de15df0289a6c/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L92-L98
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this vulnerability, add proper checks and error handling for ETH transfers. Ensure that the transfer is successful before proceeding with any state updates or further operations.


By implementing these checks, we can ensure that the contract correctly handles ETH transfers and avoids potential loss of funds due to transfer failures.

The modified **`receive`** function can be as follows:

```diff
+ error NoEthSent();
+ error EthTransferFailed();
receive() external payable {
    if (msg.sender == weth) {
        return;
    }

+    if (msg.value == 0) {
+       revert NoEthSent();
+   }
+   uint256 initialBalance = address(this).balance - msg.value;
    depositEth(0, PredefinedPool.wstETH);
+   if (address(this).balance != initialBalance + msg.value) {
+       revert EthTransferFailed();
+   }
}

```