Sour Navy Goblin

medium

# Design Issue: add() and set() relay on owner to update all pools can cause reward (points) loss.

## Summary

`_withUpdate` essentially allowing owners to skip the updation of `pool.accPointsPerShare` value but increase totalAllocPoints. However this is a tough design decision to choose whether 
1. Giving owner the responsibility of adding the correct alloc points or 
2. To protect the `add`/`set` functions from bricking (as if we remove `_withUpdate` and on every call we do massUpdatePool, when a new pool gets added, it should iterate though `poolInfo[]` which can get quite larger and cause gas errors. Also once a pool added it can't be removed. It only allows pool by to reset by updating `pool.allocPoints`. On pools getting added it grows and brick the system)

If owner compromised or malicious this can go bad on rewards distribution system. As totalAllocPoints increases the pool.accPointsPerShare decreases and users face loss of rewards in scale.

Refer issue **IDX-003** in [LuckyLion_Farm_Audit_Report](https://public-stg.inspex.co/report/Inspex_AUDIT2021024_LuckyLion_Farm_FullReport_v2.0.pdf)

## Vulnerability Detail

State Variable `totalAllocPoint` is used to determine the portion that each pool would get from the total reward and it is one of the main consideration in the [rewards calculation.](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L424-L432) 

```solidity
         uint256 pointReward =
                blockMultiplier *
                pointsPerBlock *
                pool.allocPoint /
@>           totalAllocPoint;

@>   pool.accPointsPerShare = pointReward / lpSupply + pool.accPointsPerShare;
```

When a pool gets added with `_withUpdate=false` it only increases the [totalAllocPoint values](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L165)

```solidity
function add(uint256 _allocPoint, address _lpToken, string memory _description, bool _withUpdate) public onlyOwner returns (uint256) {
        ...
        if (_withUpdate) {
            massUpdatePools();
        }
        uint256 lastRewardBlock = getBlockNumber() > startBlock ? getBlockNumber() : startBlock; 
  @>    totalAllocPoint = totalAllocPoint + _allocPoint; // only increases 
        poolExists[_lpToken] = true;

        uint256 pid = poolInfo.length;

        poolInfo.push(
            PoolInfo({
               ...
            })
        );
```

This shows it is crucial to set removing _withUpdate (`_withUpdate=true`) irrespective of owner decision to prevent reward (points) loss to user.

## Impact
Loss of rewards (points)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-sophon/blob/main/farming-contracts/contracts/farm/SophonFarming.sol#L153-L216

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the `_withUpdate` in the `add()` and `set()` functions and always call the `massUpdatePools()` function before updating `totalAllocPoint` variable and design the protocol to remove or avoid gas errors to mitigate the risks.